[Saul] Get back! Get back!
[firefighter] The World Trade
Center, Tower Number One
is on fire.
[Carrie] I missed something
once before, I won't...
I can't let that happen again.
An American prisoner of war
has been turned.
You're a disgrace
to your nation,
Sgt. Nicholas Brody.
You're a traitor
and a terrorist,
and now it's time
to pay for that.
Are you accusing me
of something?
[Yevgeny] You really
do not remember?
[Carrie] Remember what?
[Jim] We may be
dealing with a compromised
officer here.
[Saul] You had a relationship
complicated enough
to lie about.
[Carrie] Yeah,
it's complicated.
I lost seven months of my life.
...to my Russian handler?
[Joe] Is our strategy working?
And you will become
the focus of an investigation
that will define
the rest of your life.
[Carrie] That not every problem
in the Middle East
deserves a military solution.
Because this whole country
went stupid crazy after 9/11.
[Saul] Carrie,
you're not yourself.
[Carrie] I'm still putting
the pieces together.
[Saul] Please, God,
tell me you have it.
[Quinn] Is there
no fucking line?
[Saul] I believe you.
No one else will.
[indistinct chatter]
[sputtering]
-[tires screech]
-[engine stops]
[sighs]
-Carrie...
-I know.
-It's not safe out there.
-I'm careful.
If you were careful,
you wouldn't be going out.
-[high-pitched buzzing]
-[man speaking indistinctly]
[men speaking indistinctly]
[man] Hold on a sec.
Let me try that again.
[indistinct chatter on radio]
[man 1] Fuck.
Problem is, it keeps
changing frequency.
No choice but to go
syllable by syllable.
[man 2] Well, it's only
gonna get harder
as they get closer
to the fountain.
[man 1] No shit.
What do you want me
to tell Mike?
[man 2] Tell him it's gonna
take a hell of a lot longer
than we thought.
[women conversing
in foreign language]
Five days
Five
No gunshots,
no suicide bombers,
no security alerts.
The ceasefire is working.
Tell me when it's been a year.
One day you'll have to admit
something's changed.
I didn't say nothing's changed.
The Taliban were out there,
hiding.
Now they're here
right in front of us.
With their trucks. And flags.
And I'm sure their guns.
[woman] Samira...
You'll see.
[man speaking foreign language]
[speaking foreign language]
Take it.
Come on.
Come on, everybody in.
Closer, come on.
It's a ceasefire.
Come on.
[camera shutter clicking]
-[man] Miss Mathison?
-Yes?
Come with us, please.
-Who are you?
-Military police, ma'am.
Please.
Okay, you wanna tell me
what this is about?
This way.
-Where are we going?
-Sorry, ma'am.
Look, you can't
tell me anything?
Here's what I want you to do.
Call Saul Berenson,
the National Security Advisor
of the United States,
-and tell him--
-Ma'am--
No, don't fucking "ma'am" me!
Mr. Berenson's fully aware.
Bagram?
That's where we're going?
Yes.
You wanna tell me
where they're sending me?
-What a fucking day.
-Yeah.
-Saul--
-He's coming here.
President is, in...
Jesus, four hours,
to announce
a framework for peace.
He'll be met here
by the Afghan President.
There'll be a reception
at the Presidential Palace...
where the announcement
will be made.
So that's what the meeting was.
What meeting?
At the station,
everyone was preparing
for the President's arrival.
Yeah, sorry about the secrecy.
It's a mess getting
your clearance restored.
Carrie, President asked
that you be here when he lands,
wants to talk to you.
-About what?
-Not clear.
I guess you'll find out.
I gotta get to the reception,
make sure everything's
good to go.
You'll ride in later
with the motorcade.
We did it.
Step one, anyway.
I gotta go.
Thank you.
[man instructing indistinctly]
[both conversing
in foreign language]
So, do you believe in me now?
Believe what?
What I said before,
about the Taliban.
They've evolved.
The Taliban don't believe
in evolution.
I'd say you don't.
Did they demand to know
what we were doing?
Two women, unescorted.
No.
Are they following us home
to find out where we live?
I hope not.
No!
They are not following us.
Admit it--
Bilal Khan!
Sister-in-law.
See you later.
Come in, come in.
Madam, telephone, please.
Thank you.
-General.
-Director.
What's going on?
A significant announcement
on the status
of the peace talks.
They've reached an agreement,
haven't they, the Americans?
Without input from you or me,
but they expect us
to stand here
and applaud the result.
Who made the deal?
Till now, I assumed you had.
My prime minister
got a call last night
from the President
of the United States, no less,
threatening economic
and travel sanctions
if Pakistan
doesn't get on board.
On board with what, exactly?
Yeah, he wouldn't say.
My president just left
to Bagram Airfield
to receive a dignitary
coming in for the announcement.
I figure...
it must be
the Secretary of State.
Do you think
it's Warner himself
coming here?
I think they
don't want us to know.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
I need my phone back.
-I'm leaving.
-Nope.
She'll be staying here
for the duration.
-You can't do that.
-Yeah, I can.
Go ahead, yell, scream.
I don't give a shit.
Let them all know
you're still doing everything
in your power to keep
this day from happening.
So, the talks in Doha,
that was all a charade?
You made it a charade.
-You snuck around
behind my back.
-No.
You went to Haqqani.
Who you tried to kill.
Your ally, and you put
a grenade through
his windshield,
which, to be honest,
was the only
useful thing you did.
Broke the impasse.
[Samira speaking
foreign language]
It's your mother's bread,
isn't it? Bibi Haaji's?
She sends her best.
Hmm.
I don't know why,
exact same ingredients
everyone uses
but you can always
tell her baking.
She misses you.
And I miss her.
So...
Tell her to visit,
now that the streets
are safe here.
Will you do that?
You should come back
to the village.
No one has seen you
since the funeral.
Two years.
Bibi Haaji is
worried about you.
Tell her I'm fine.
After the funeral,
people came by the house
for months,
wondering where you'd gone.
I had to get back here.
Everyone worries
you're all alone.
No one needs to worry about me.
You are my brother's widow.
The Idda is four months
and ten days,
you completed it long ago.
And you're still here.
Alone.
I'm not alone.
I have friends here.
The villagers talk.
The villagers always talk.
They talk about
the whole family,
not just you.
We had the elders'
Shura at the house.
It is decided.
What is decided?
It is time for you to remarry.
Thank Bibi Haaji for the bread.
I will take care of you.
Like my brother did.
Thank Bibi Haaji for the bread.
Tell her
she is welcome here anytime.
[gasps]
-They here?
-Just landed.
At least, I assume that's them.
You really talking
to the President?
Did everyone know but me?
So you are, then.
We'll see. They told me
to be on deck right here.
Mr. President,
been a long time coming.
[Daoud] Too long, sir.
Yes, very good.
[camera shutter clicks]
Guess you're on.
Excuse me.
-Carrie Mathison.
-Mr. President.
-It's an honor.
-For me, sir.
Well, no, I definitely
meant for me.
You know, I was thinking
on the flight over
just how much
I was looking forward
to meeting you in person,
considering what an important
part you've played in my life.
One could make
a pretty good case
I wouldn't be President
if it weren't for you.
I read the reports,
more than once.
What you went through
in Moscow,
your captivity there.
It's a profile
and the kind of courage
not many people
can even imagine.
And since I can't
thank you publicly,
apparently there are
sources and methods
that need to be protected,
I wanted to do so now.
Privately, face-to-face.
I don't know what to say.
Yeah, you don't have
to say anything.
I'm just glad you're here
to witness this thing
that you helped set in motion,
this ending of a war,
the longest in our history.
Kind of amazing.
-It is, isn't it?
-Yeah.
Now, I want you to let me know
the minute you get back
to Washington.
I wanna set up something
in the White House for you,
if you're open to that.
-Mr. President.
-What's going on, sir?
Sorry, more need-to-know,
the last leg in the journey.
President Daoud and I will be
flying up to a combat post
to announce the peace
to the soldiers
on the front line
who'll be going home.
And JSOC signed off on it?
First they whined like hell.
If it was up to those guys,
I wouldn't go anywhere.
-Mr. President, are you ready?
-Ready, Chief.
[security officers
talking indistinctly]
[Jenna] So?
We're a decoy.
I should have known.
[loud whirring]
[pilot 1 on radio]
Chalk One outbound.
[pilot 2 on radio]
Chalk Two outbound.
Roger. Chalk One, squawk ident
zero-zero-five-one.
Chalk Two, squawk ident
zero-zero-five-two.
Cleared visual,
we are radar following.
[banging at the door]
[Bilal speaking
foreign language]
Samira
Open the door.
I offended you.
That was wrong.
You are the widow
of my brother.
I can't leave like this,
upsetting you.
I apologize.
Samira--
[sighs]
I just want
what's best for you.
[man speaking foreign language]
And for the honor
of your family.
Get your things.
You're coming with us.
Hurry up!
[sighs softly]
So, what'd he say?
The President, what did he say?
Nothing, really.
Didn't look like nothing.
It looked like... intense.
Was it classified?
No.
So?
It was personal.
Ah... if it was personal...
Who you got to share it
with besides me?
He thanked me.
For coming here
and getting G'ulom in line?
No, no, it wasn't about
the peace initiative.
Not... Not mainly, anyway.
He thanked me for Moscow.
What I went through there.
He'd read the files.
Anyway, it was nice to talk
to someone who trusts me.
[cell phone vibrating]
It's yours.
Samira?
You've got to help me.
What's wrong?
My brother-in-law...
[banging at the door]
[Bilal speaking
foreign language]
What are you doing in there?
[in English] He came by
with two friends, Taliban,
to force me to go back
to my village.
-Where are they?
-Here, right now.
He wants me to be with him.
[banging at the door]
What are you doing?
Open the door.
Give me a minute.
[in English]
You've got to come get me.
How far are we from the palace?
Twenty minutes out.
-Carrie.
-I'll be there
as soon as I can.
You've got to come now.
-I will. Just--
-Now!
[both speaking
foreign language]
Who were you talking to?
Nobody.
Get your things.
-Go straight.
-We can't.
This motorcade's a fake.
A woman's life is on the line.
We owe her.
[indistinct conversation]
Helicopters are
two minutes out.
This is bullshit, Sarge.
No VIP's gonna
stick his nose in here.
You done?
All good, Max?
All good?
Outside in two.
You know who
the big shot is, Maxie?
Some general, isn't it?
How many stars? One? Two?
Three?
Four?
Five.
[helicopter blades whirring]
Fall in!
[pilot 1 on radio]
Chalk One on the ground.
Okay, we got video feed
from Steedley now.
Put it up.
[pilot 2 on radio]
Chalk Two on final approach.
-They've landed. We have video.
-Excuse me.
-Pleasure to meet you, sir.
-Yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen.
An hour ago,
President Daoud welcomed
President Ralph Warner
to Bagram Air Force Base.
They will be here
to meet you all soon.
But first they wanted to send
a message about peace...
from the front line of the war.
Hi.
Mr. Vice President,
they're ready for you
in the Situation Room.
You preempted every network?
I'm reporting live outside
the Afghan Ministry of...
We discussed it
before the President left.
As I said, everything's
set up in the Situation Room.
No, I'm good.
[helicopter blades whirring]
-Piotrowski?
-Yes.
That's your ride.
Have your shit ready.
It is.
Fuck me, it's the President.
[soldier]
Who's the dude with him?
President of Afghanistan,
dumbass.
Bring them in, Lieutenant.
At ease, guys.
Bring it in tight.
Take a knee in the front.
Gentlemen, it gives me
great pleasure
to introduce my good friend
President Daoud.
It's an honor to meet you all.
For both of us.
When I told the Military
and the Secret Service
I wanted to come up here,
they advised against it.
But you know what?
Thing about being
Commander in Chief,
you are the chief.
-[soldiers laugh lightly]
-[soldier] Yes, sir.
I'm sure you all know
how this base got its name,
from Corporal Brett Steedley
of Galesburg, Illinois,
killed in an ambush
March 13, 2007.
2007...
when most of you men
were still in the fifth grade.
[Warner on TV] Since then,
this base has suffered
more casualties,
endured more pain
and demanded more courage
than anywhere in the world
where our troops have to fight.
You hold the line.
You don't back down.
I'm sure you often
ask yourselves, "Why?
Why do we have to
risk our lives,
spill our blood and treasure
for a tiny outpost
7,000 miles from home?"
We're here to tell you why.
Your courage and sacrifice,
and the sacrifices of those
who held this post before you
have convinced
the enemy that he cannot,
he will not win this war.
After 18 long years,
he has agreed
to negotiate for peace.
[crowd clapping]
[people speaking indistinctly]
[cell phone vibrating]
[sighs]
-Samira?
-Yeah.
They're pressuring her
to leave.
She can't stall much longer.
Look at that.
[Jenna] He's doing it.
Peace is really happening.
Hey, Amin, we gotta
get through this.
[horn honking]
[Warner on TV] Gentlemen,
I wanna tell you
one more thing.
I know folks back home
in America are watching, too.
Before I left Washington,
I had a phone call,
a long phone call with Taliban
leader Haissam Haqqani,
and we spoke about
how we can bring peace
to this beautiful country.
We have our differences still,
but we agreed
on two fundamental things.
No terrorist group
will ever find
refuge in this country again,
and the people of Afghanistan
will be free
to live the lives
they all wanna live.
Man, woman and child.
Jesus, I'm weeping
all over my shoes.
Look at him,
grandpa in a flak jacket.
It's all about winning
a second term, isn't it?
It's about ending the war.
And this is what Emir Haqqani
and I really agree on,
and it is the best guarantor
of peace between us.
Neither one of us are prepared
to send any more
of our countries'
sons and daughters
to die for us here.
Enough. We end it now.
Time for you to come home.
-[soldier] Yeah!
-[all cheering]
We're going home!
Lieutenant, well done.
-Mr. President.
-[Warner] Soldier.
[soldier] You mind if I
take a picture?
Thank you.
Oh, please, let's do it.
-Where are you from, soldier?
-Washington, sir.
Oh, close to the power.
[both laughing]
He needs to get a move on.
Twelve minutes behind schedule.
So, what's the plan?
Brother-in-law and two Taliban
in the apartment.
Could be armed.
We try to extricate Samira,
they probably resist,
which could mean gunfire,
which is the last thing we want
in Kabul right now,
breaking the ceasefire.
So what's the plan?
Carrie?
[whirring]
Max, you don't get it.
You can't leave.
You heard him.
You're all going home.
[soldier 1] When?
You hear him say that?
We could be here months.
Nothing happens
quickly in the Army.
[soldier 2] Piotrowski!
Come on, Piotrowski,
we're out of here.
Hey.
I'm not going.
Suit yourself.
-[sighs heavily]
-[bag thuds]
[all cheering]
Mr. Vice President.
[helicopter blades whirring]
Thank you.
Thank you, bless you.
-Thank you.
[Saul] Thank you
for everything you've done.
-Just amazing, Saul.
-Bless you.
-Just amazing.
-Thank you.
Good to see you.
[Bilal speaking
foreign language]
[engine sputters]
[Bilal speaking
foreign language]
Don't fucking move.
[speaking foreign language]
Don't move!
Keep your hands
where I can see them.
Go, go.
[engine sputtering]
[Samira sobbing]
It's all right.
You're safe now.
It's okay. It's okay.
[people talking indistinctly]
Our allies, the Americans,
have treated us
with their usual courtesy.
Do you know what I found
interesting about the speech?
Warner said they'd been
talking to Haqqani
and would be
meeting him very soon,
which must mean here, in Kabul.
I thought you
controlled Haqqani.
I thought you controlled Kabul.
You'll excuse me, ma'am.
Saul, will you come with me?
Wanna tell me what's up?
Not here.
Well?
Bagram ATC got a report
from the AWACS
shadowing the Steedley mission.
Four minutes ago,
the President's helicopter
disappeared off radar.
Jesus Christ.
Did it crash?
It's unknown.
What's the escort
helicopter say?
-Didn't see it.
-Didn't see?
Isn't that their sole
fucking job, to keep an eye?
Holy fuck.
-Two presidents...
-I know.
Two presidents on board.
Where we going?
CIA station.
It's closer than Bagram.
We have fighter cover overhead.
Every available air asset
is heading to the area.
Quick Reaction Force
is en route.
CIA officers have been recalled
from the field.
What's that mean, "RTB"?
Return to base immediately.
Because of me?
No, no, no.
It's something else.
What?
I don't know.
[Saul] What are we looking at?
Camera on Chalk One,
the escort.
Got something, 3 o'clock, low!
Wreckage spotted.
Victor Lima one-five-four-two-
zero-five-five-eight.
Is the White House seeing this?
Yes, sir.
[panting]
-[Hayes] Please.
-Sir.
-Who's in charge?
-What, here? Technically, you.
No, there.
Search and rescue is being run
out of Kabul Station, sir.
That's where Saul Berenson is,
and General Owens
is the ranking officer.
Was it shot down?
Well, was it?
[Mears] The cause
of the crash is unknown, sir.
Aren't they gonna land
to see if he's...
To see if anyone's...
[Mears] The incline's
too steep for a landing.
Well, can you fast rope down?
Negative, too much tree cover.
We need to find an LZ.
On it.
Amin will take care of you.
-How long will you be?
-I'll be back as soon as I can.
You're safe here, I promise.
Saul?
What's happened?
President's helicopter's down.
[exhales sharply]
How?
[flight ops] Chalk One,
possible LZ,
one nautical mile,
bearing zero-nine-zero.
Roger, one nautical mile,
heading zero-niner-zero.
Hey, this work?
Perfect!
On approach.
What the fuck?
Taliban.
Targets, 2 o'clock!
Hold your fire.
Chalk One, break contact.
RPG on your six.
Clear to engage.
[flight ops] Chalk One,
this is Flight Ops.
Do you read me?
Repeat, Chalk One,
do you read me?
Tony.
Chalk One?